hello in this video I'm gonna show you
how to install TeamViewer in both Linux
and windows in this case it's Linux
Ubuntu in Windows Vista and I'm gonna
begin with Linux Ubuntu and before I
install TeamViewer on Ubuntu I have to
install a program called wine wine is a
Windows program loader and it allows you
to run Windows based programs within a
Linux operating system so I'm gonna go
to the aboon to the software center and
in the search box I'm going to type in
wine I'm gonna click on wine windows
program loader wine 1.3 and then I'm
gonna click install and it's also going
to install the wine microsoft windows
compatibility layer wine is finished
installing I'm gonna close the software
Center and next I'm gonna open the web
browser and in the search box I'm going
to type in TeamViewer under the search
results I'm gonna look for wwt Morecambe
then I'm gonna click on the download
link when team viewers download page
opens I'm gonna scroll down here I can
choose from the abouttwo 32-bit or
64-bit version I'm gonna click on the
32-bit download button I'm gonna leave
open with Ubuntu Software Center checked
and we'll click OK
when the Ubuntu Software Center opens
I'm going to click install and
TeamViewer installed successfully so I'm
going to close the Bluetooth Software
Center and now I'm gonna go to dash home
and in the search box on once I've been
TeamViewer
and I'm gonna click and hold on team
viewers icon and drag it onto the
taskbar and now it's locked to the
taskbar and now I'm gonna open
TeamViewer this is the unique user ID
the TeamViewer assigns to you and this
is your password it's randomly generated
right now it's set to four digits which
is the least secure so I'm gonna go to
extras and then options security and
then the random password section I wanna
set the password strength to eight
characters and then I'm gonna click OK
now my password is eight characters long
and if I go back to security I could
also set a predefined password in other
words if I predefined a password my
partner can establish the connection
with me using that password instead of
having to know the randomly generated
password and if you wanted to use a
predefined password you type your
password in and then under random
password you go back to the drop-down
menu and click disabled no random
password and then click OK and as you
can see there's no random password in
the password box now so that means that
the abouttwo machine right now has a
predefined password if you wanted to
establish a connection to your partner's
computer you would type in his ID here
and then you would have to get the
password from him unless it's predefined
and then click connect to partner but
we'll get to that more further into the
video and that's how you install
TeamViewer in Linux Ubuntu next I'm
gonna show you how to install it in
Windows now I'm gonna show you how to
install TeamViewer in Windows I'm going
to go to the web browser I'm gonna type
in TeamViewer
and once again under WWE and Viacom I'm
gonna click the download link when the
download page opens I'm gonna scroll
down and then the all-in-one section I'm
going to click the download button when
it's finished downloading I'm gonna
click on the executable and I'm gonna
click run I'm gonna leave install tech
I'm gonna click Next I'm gonna check
personal non-commercial use and then
click Next I want to accept the terms of
the license agreement and I'm gonna
agree that I will only use TeamViewer
for non-commercial and private use and
I'm gonna click Next I'm going to leave
no default checked and click Next
TeamViewer is now installed and once
again here's your unique user ID and
here's the randomly generated password
and I'm gonna go up to extras once again
I'm going to show you how to set the
passwords you can set the random
password strength or you can define your
own password and then choose disabled no
random password and click OK and I'm
going to establish a connection to the
Ubuntu machine from the Windows machine
so I would need the ID of my partner and
then once I've typed the IDN I can click
connect to partner and I'll ask me for
the password I'm gonna type in the
predefined password if not you would ask
your partner what is randomly generated
past where it is and type that in then
I'll click logon and this is my Ubuntu
machine and now I have control over it
and I can make configuration changes run
some Diagnostics or whatever needs to be
done and just to show you here's the
actual boot to machine here if you
wanted to close the connection to your
partner you just simply exit out of
TeamViewer then click OK and then you
could exit out of this - next I'm going
to show you file transfer I have a
folder on the desktop right now named
transfer and I'm gonna check the file
transfer radio button and then I need to
type in my partner's ID and then I'm
gonna click connect to partner
and once again if you have the
predefined password you could type in
this predefined password if not you
would have to ask your partner for his
randomly generated password I'll click
logon you have two sections you have a
local computer and the remote computer
the local computer right now see a boon
to compute this is the one that has
established the connection to the
Windows computer and now I need to
search for the file that I want to
transfer someone go to home
Ubuntu desktop and I'm gonna select the
transfer folder and then I need to
select where I'm gonna have a transfer
to on the remote computer some of us
like desktop and then I'm gonna click
send on a remote computer showing the
transfer folder and if I bring Windows
Vista over here's the transfer folder
here here's the event log that tells you
that the folder was transferred and once
again to close the session you just exit
out click OK and then just close
TeamViewer and that's how you install
TeamViewer on both Linux and Windows and
use it for remote desktop and file
transfers thank you for watching have a
great day